Add is_hidden_entity documentation (#26429)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/templating.markdown

{% endraw %}

### Entities

- `is_hidden_entity(entity_id)` returns whether an entity has been hidden. Can also be used as a test.

### Entities examples

{% raw %}

```text

> {{ area_entities('kitchen') | reject('is_hidden') }} # Gets a list of visible entities in the kitchen area

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ area_entities('kitchen') | reject('is_hidden_entity') }} # Gets a list of visible entities in the kitchen area
```
